If you are on windows and your plug-in doesn't load it is usually your PiPL. 

Try this : 

Open up a terminal, command prompt window. 
Navigate to your plug-in directory and type the following replacing the file name with the name of your plug-in. 

dumpbin /EXPORTS MyPluginName.8bf 

This will give you a bunch of information like the following: 
D:\sdk\public\samplecode\Output\Win\Debug>dumpbin /EXPORTS Shape.8bs 
	Section contains the following exports for Shape.8bs 

		0 characteristics 
	3B7AEEC9 time date stamp Wed Aug 15 16:51:05 2001 
	0.00 version 
	1 ordinal base 
	2 number of functions 
	2 number of names 
	
	ordinal hint RVA 
	summary 
	1000 .data 
	1000 .idata 
	1000 .rdata 
	1000 .reloc 
	2000 .rsrc 
	19000 .text 

The two things you are interested in are after the "ordinal hint RVA name" line. These are the two functions that are "exported" for the Shape.8bs plug-in. "PluginMain" for the 
plug-in entry point and "-SelectionProcQ16" for the UI entry point. Now go to MSDEV and open your plug in making sure you select "Open As" -> Resources before 
selcted OK. You will get a list of all your plug-in resources. One of them should be a PiPL resource. Open it up, it's binary data, look for MIB868xw for the windows program entry point. 
Following that should be a string of your progam entry point EXACTLY as the one above, "PluginMain" . The most common error is your plug-in doesn't have a PiPL resource or that Pip1 resource 
is wrong. Make sure your custom build step for your .r file is correct. cl takes the .r and makes a .rr. cnvtpipl takes the .rr and makes a .pipl. The .rc file includes the .pip1 
file. 

Make sure your program is exporting the entrypoints 
// Create a definition for exported functions 
#define DLLExport extern "C" -declspec (dllexport) 
DLLExport MACPASCAL void PluginMain(const intl6 selector,
                                    FilterRecord* filterRecord,
									int32* data,
									intl6* result);
DLLExport BOOL WINAPI DissolveProc(HWND hDlg, UINT wMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM /*lParam*/);

Are you using any other DLL's in your plug-in. Make sure the system knows where they are and can load them properly. I don't deal with plug-ins that deal with DLL's but if you put 
it next to your plug-in or next to the Photoshop application that usually works. Again I don't have a lot of experience with this part of it. 
